Permission-controller documentation (#6951)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/security/05-05-permission-controller.md

>**TIP:** To learn more about how to use overrides in Kyma, see the following documents:
>* [Helm overrides for Kyma installation](/root/kyma/#configuration-helm-overrides-for-kyma-installation)
>* [Top-level charts overrides](/root/kyma/#configuration-helm-overrides-for-kyma-installation-top-level-charts-overrides)

## Configurable parameters

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the permission-controller chart and their default values.

| Parameter | Description | Default value |
| --------- | ----------- | ------------- |
| `global.users.namespaceAdmin.groups` | Comma-separated list of user groups whose members are to be granted admin privileges in all Namespaces except those specified in `config.namespaceBlacklist`. | `"namespace-admins"` |
| `config.namespaceBlacklist` | Comma-separated list of Namespaces that will not be accessible by members of the user groups specified in `global.users.namespaceAdmin.groups`. | `"kyma-system, istio-system, default, knative-eventing, knative-serving, kube-node-lease, kube-public, kube-system, kyma-installer, kyma-integration, natss"` |

> | `config.enableStaticUser`| Boolean that determines whether to grant admin privileges to the `namespace.admin@kyma.cx` static user. | `true` |

Reviewer: I would add a sentence that the `namespace.admin@kyma.cx` user is used for tests.

Author: ok

> | `config.enableStaticUser`| Boolean that determines whether to grant admin privileges to the `namespace.admin@kyma.cx` static user for testing purposes. | `true` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `config.enableStaticUser`| Determines if a RoleBinding to the **kyma-admin** role for the static `namespace.admin@kyma.cx` user is created for every Namespace that is not blacklisted. | `true` |
```
